docs: updating major upgrade path (#4010)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/major-version-upgrade/upgrade/aws/index.md

enterprise: false
---

<!-- vale proselint.DateCase = NO -->

Follow these steps only if you are upgrading an AWS cluster.

> ## Create AMI that is compatible with Konvoy 2.x, Kubernetes v1.20.13, and CentOS 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an AMI that is compatible with Konvoy 2.x, Kubernetes v1.20.13, and CentOS 7
```

    INFO[2021-11-15T19:59:35-05:00] Run 'export CLUSTER_NAME=konvoy-migration' and follow the rest of the documentation  src="cluster/adopt.go:178"
    ```

> 1.  Update your environment with the cluster name for use in later steps, by running the shell command from the last line of output in the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Run the shell command from the last line of output in the previous step to update your environment with the cluster name, for use in later steps:
```

Author: This is a tough one no matter what. Let me just make two sentences.

> 1.  Update your environment with the cluster name for use in later steps, by running the shell command from the last line of output in the previous step:

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Update your environment with the cluster name for use in later steps. Do this by running the shell command from the last line of output in the previous step:
```

## Prepare the Dex Addon for Kubernetes v1.21.6

> The Dex Addon acts as the cluster's OpenID Connect identity provider. Its configuration must be changed so that it works correctly with Kubernetes v1.21.6, as with v1.20.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dex Addon acts as the cluster's OpenID Connect identity provider. You must change its configuration so that it works correctly with both Kubernetes v1.21.6 and v1.20.13.
```

    export AMI_ID=<your ami ID>
    ```

>     And, then verify that your environment has the AMI ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then verify that your environment has the AMI ID:
```
